README.md, before:

# CTFd Docker Containers Plugin

<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center">CTFd Docker Containers Plugin</h3>
  <p align="center">
    A plugin to create containerized challenges for your CTF contest.
  </p>
</div>

## Table of Contents
1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
   - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
   - [Installation](#installation)
2. [Usage](#usage)
   - [Using Local Docker Daemon](#using-local-docker-daemon)
   - [Using Remote Docker via SSH](#using-remote-docker-via-ssh)
3. [Demo](#demo)
4. [Roadmap](#roadmap)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Contact](#contact)

---

## Getting Started

This section provides instructions for setting up the project locally.

### Prerequisites

To use this plugin, you should have:
- Experience hosting CTFd with Docker
- Basic knowledge of Docker
- SSH access to remote servers (if using remote Docker)

### Installation

1. **Clone this repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/phannhat17/CTFd-Docker-Plugin.git
   ```
2. **Rename the folder:**
   ```bash
   mv CTFd-Docker-Plugin containers
   ```
3. **Move the folder to the CTFd plugins directory:**
   ```bash
   mv containers /path/to/CTFd/plugins/
   ```

[Back to top](#ctfd-docker-containers-plugin)

---

## Usage

### Using Local Docker Daemon

#### Case A: **CTFd Running Directly on Host:**
  - Go to the plugin settings page: `/containers/settings`
  - Fill in all fields except the `Base URL`.

  ![Settings Example](./image-readme/1.png)

#### Case B: **CTFd Running via Docker:**
  - Map the Docker socket into the CTFd container by modify the `docker-compose.yml` file:
  ```bash
  services:
    ctfd:
      ...
      volumes:
        - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
      ...
  ```
  - Restart CTFd
  - Go to the plugin settings page: `/containers/settings`
  - Fill in all fields except the `Base URL`.

### Using Remote Docker via SSH

For remote Docker, the CTFd host must have SSH access to the remote server.

#### Prerequisites:
- **SSH access** from the CTFd host to the Docker server
- The remote server's fingerprint should be in the `known_hosts` file
- SSH key files (`id_rsa`) and an SSH config file should be available

#### Case A: **CTFd Running via Docker**

1. **Prepare SSH Config:**
   ```bash
   mkdir ssh_config
   cp ~/.ssh/id_rsa ~/.ssh/known_hosts ~/.ssh/config ssh_config/
   ```

2. **Mount SSH Config into the CTFd container:**
   ```yaml
   services:
     ctfd:
       ...
       volumes:
         - ./ssh_config:/root/.ssh:ro
       ...
   ```

3. **Restart CTFd:**
   ```bash
   docker-compose down
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

#### Case B: **CTFd Running Directly on Host**

1. **Ensure SSH Access:**
   - Test the connection:
     ```bash
     ssh user@remote-server
     ```

2. **Configure Docker Base URL:**
   - In the CTFd plugin settings page (`/containers/settings`), set:
     ```
     Base URL: ssh://user@remote-server
     ```

3. **Restart CTFd:**
   ```bash
   sudo systemctl restart ctfd
   ```

[Back to top](#ctfd-docker-containers-plugin)

---

## Demo

### Admin Dashboard
- Manage running containers
- Filter by challenge or player

![Manage Containers](./image-readme/manage.png)

### Challenge View

**Web Access** | **TCP Access**
:-------------:|:-------------:
![Web](./image-readme/http.png) | ![TCP](./image-readme/tcp.png)

### Live Demo

![Live Demo](./image-readme/demo.gif)

[Back to top](#ctfd-docker-containers-plugin)

---

## Roadmap

- [x] Support for user mode
- [x] Admin dashboard with team/user filtering
- [x] Compatibility with the core-beta theme
- [x] Monitor share flag 
- [ ] Monitor detail on share flag 
- [ ] Prevent container creation on solved challenge

For more features and known issues, check the [open issues](https://github.com/phannhat17/CTFd-Docker-Plugin/issues).

[Back to top](#ctfd-docker-containers-plugin)

---

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for details.

> This plugin is an upgrade of [andyjsmith's plugin](https://github.com/andyjsmith/CTFd-Docker-Plugin) with additional features.

If there are licensing concerns, please reach out via email (contact below).

[Back to top](#ctfd-docker-containers-plugin)

---

## Contact

**Phan Nhat**  
- **Discord:** ftpotato  
- **Email:** contact@phannhat.id.vn  
- **Project Link:** [CTFd Docker Plugin](https://github.com/phannhat17/CTFd-Docker-Plugin)

[Back to top](#ctfd-docker-containers-plugin)

Commit message:

fix some bug
Fix minus time when using forevver
adding SSH
add fame or shame

README.md, after:

# CTFd Docker Containers Plugin

<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center">CTFd Docker Containers Plugin</h3>
  <p align="center">
    A plugin to create containerized challenges for your CTF contest.
  </p>
</div>

## Table of Contents
1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
   - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
   - [Installation](#installation)
2. [Usage](#usage)
   - [Using Local Docker Daemon](#using-local-docker-daemon)
   - [Using Remote Docker via SSH](#using-remote-docker-via-ssh)
3. [Demo](#demo)
4. [Roadmap](#roadmap)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Contact](#contact)

---

## Getting Started

This section provides instructions for setting up the project locally.

### Prerequisites

To use this plugin, you should have:
- Experience hosting CTFd with Docker
- Basic knowledge of Docker
- SSH access to remote servers (if using remote Docker)

### Installation

1. **Clone this repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/phannhat17/CTFd-Docker-Plugin.git
   ```
2. **Rename the folder:**
   ```bash
   mv CTFd-Docker-Plugin containers
   ```
3. **Move the folder to the CTFd plugins directory:**
   ```bash
   mv containers /path/to/CTFd/plugins/
   ```

[Back to top](#ctfd-docker-containers-plugin)

---

## Usage

### Using Local Docker Daemon

#### Case A: **CTFd Running Directly on Host:**
  - Go to the plugin settings page: `/containers/settings`
  - Fill in all fields except the `Base URL`.

  ![Settings Example](./image-readme/1.png)

#### Case B: **CTFd Running via Docker:**
  - Map the Docker socket into the CTFd container by modify the `docker-compose.yml` file:
  ```bash
  services:
    ctfd:
      ...
      volumes:
        - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
      ...
  ```
  - Restart CTFd
  - Go to the plugin settings page: `/containers/settings`
  - Fill in all fields except the `Base URL`.

### Using Remote Docker via SSH

For remote Docker, the CTFd host must have SSH access to the remote server.

#### Prerequisites:
- **SSH access** from the CTFd host to the Docker server
- The remote server's fingerprint should be in the `known_hosts` file
- SSH key files (`id_rsa`) and an SSH config file should be available

#### Case A: **CTFd Running via Docker**

1. **Prepare SSH Config:**
   ```bash
   mkdir ssh_config
   cp ~/.ssh/id_rsa ~/.ssh/known_hosts ~/.ssh/config ssh_config/
   ```

2. **Mount SSH Config into the CTFd container:**
   ```yaml
   services:
     ctfd:
       ...
       volumes:
         - ./ssh_config:/root/.ssh:ro
       ...
   ```

3. **Restart CTFd:**
   ```bash
   docker-compose down
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

#### Case B: **CTFd Running Directly on Host**

1. **Ensure SSH Access:**
   - Test the connection:
     ```bash
     ssh user@remote-server
     ```

2. **Configure Docker Base URL:**
   - In the CTFd plugin settings page (`/containers/settings`), set:
     ```
     Base URL: ssh://user@remote-server
     ```

3. **Restart CTFd:**
   ```bash
   sudo systemctl restart ctfd
   ```

[Back to top](#ctfd-docker-containers-plugin)

---

## Demo

### Admin Dashboard
- Manage running containers
- Filter by challenge or player

![Manage Containers](./image-readme/manage.png)

### Challenge View

**Web Access** | **TCP Access**
:-------------:|:-------------:
![Web](./image-readme/http.png) | ![TCP](./image-readme/tcp.png)

### Live Demo

![Live Demo](./image-readme/demo.gif)

[Back to top](#ctfd-docker-containers-plugin)

---

## Roadmap

- [x] Support for user mode
- [x] Admin dashboard with team/user filtering
- [x] Compatibility with the core-beta theme
- [x] Monitor share flag 
- [x] Monitor detail on share flag 
- [x] Prevent container creation on solved challenge
- [x] Add in Fame or shame 

For more features and known issues, check the [open issues](https://github.com/phannhat17/CTFd-Docker-Plugin/issues).

[Back to top](#ctfd-docker-containers-plugin)

---

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for details.

> This plugin is an upgrade of [andyjsmith's plugin](https://github.com/andyjsmith/CTFd-Docker-Plugin) with additional features from [phannhat17](https://github.com/phannhat17/CTFd-Docker-Plugin).

[Back to top](#ctfd-docker-containers-plugin)
